THIS IS WEIRD.
YOU EVER REALIZE
CAP'N CRUNCH'S EYEBROWS
ARE ON HIS HAT?
THAT'S WHAT'S WEIRD?
JOEY, THE MAN'S BEEN
CAPTAIN OF A CEREAL
FOR THE LAST 40 YEARS.
BAH! LAH!
WHAT?
THE SPOON.
YOU LICKED AND YOU PUT.
YEAH? SO?
DON'T YOU SEE
HOW GROSS THAT IS?
THAT'S LIKE YOU'RE
USING MY TOOTHBRUSH.
YOU USED MY TOOTHBRUSH?
WELL, THAT WAS ONLY
'CAUSE I USED THE RED ONE
TO UNCLOG THE DRAIN.
MINE IS THE RED ONE.
OH, GOD.
CAN OPEN.
WORMS EVERYWHERE.
WHY CAN'T WE USE
THE SAME TOOTHBRUSH
BUT WE CAN USE THE SAME SOAP?
BECAUSE SOAP IS SOAP.
IT'S SELF-CLEANING.
WELL, NEXT TIME
YOU TAKE A SHOWER
THINK ABOUT
THE LAST THING I WASHED
AND THE FIRST THING YOU WASH.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HEY.
OOH, LOOK AT
YOU FANCY LADS.
WHAT'S THE OCCASION?
YOU KNOW THE GUY
ON MY SHOW THAT'S
IN A COMA?
HE'S HAVING A BRUNCH.
HEY. READY WHEN YOU ARE?
OKEY-DOKE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU GUYS ARE
GETTING TATTOOS.
GETTING TATTOOS?
YES, BUT YOU
CANNOT TELL ROSS
'CAUSE I WANT
TO SURPRISE HIM.
WOW. THIS IS WILD.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO GET?
UM, I'M GETTING A LILY.
FOR MY MOM,
'CAUSE HER NAME'S LILY.
WOW. THAT'S LUCKY.
WHAT IF HER NAME
WAS "BIG UGLY SPLOTCH"?
SO WHERE YOU
GETTING IT?
I THINK
ON MY SHOULDER.
WHAT?
WHAT'S ON
YOUR SHOULDER?
UM, A CHIP.
A TATTOO.
I'M GETTING A TATTOO.
A TATTOO?
WHY WOULD YOU
WANT TO DO THAT?
HI.
YOU DON'T THINK
THEY'RE KIND OF COOL?
NO. SORRY. I DON'T.
WHY WOULD ANYONE PAY SOMEONE
TO SCAR THEIR BODY FOR LIFE?
WHAT IF IT DOESN'T
COME OUT RIGHT, PHEEBS?
IT'S LIKE HAVING A BAD
HAIRCUT ALL THE TIME.
WHY IS EVERYONE
STARING AT ME?
ROSS, COME SIGN THIS
BIRTHDAY CARD FOR DAD.
RICHARD'S GOING
TO BE HERE ANY MINUTE.
TO THE PARTY TOO?
HE'S MY PARENTS' BEST FRIEND.
HE HAS TO BE THERE.
IS TODAY THE DAY
YOU'RE GOING TO TELL THEM
ABOUT YOU TWO?
YEAH, FOR MY DAD'S
BIRTHDAY, I DECIDED
TO GIVE HIM A STROKE.
I THINK YOU
SHOULD TELL THEM.
NO. I DON'T EVEN KNOW
HOW SERIOUS HE IS ABOUT ME.
I DON'T THINK
MOM AND DAD WOULD MIND.
REMEMBER WHEN YOU WERE NINE
AND RICHARD WAS 30
HOW DAD USED TO SAY,
"GOD, I HOPE THEY GET TOGETHER"?
Ross:
SHALL WE?
OKAY, WAIT, WAIT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
ROSS, LET'S SWITCH PLACES.
GET IN THE MIDDLE.
UNLESS THIS LOOKS LIKE WE'RE
TRYING TO COVER SOMETHING UP.
MONICA, YOU COULD
COME IN STRADDLING HIM
THEY STILL WOULDN'T
BELIEVE IT.
WE'RE HERE.
OH, HI, KIDS.
HI, DARLING.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DAD.
OH, THANK YOU.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
SO, YOU KIDS THANK
DR. BURKE FOR THE RIDE?
ACTUALLY, MOM
I THINK MONICA
THANKED HIM FOR
THE BOTH OF US.
SO, YOU KIDS TAKE
THE TRAIN IN?
NO, RICHARD BURKE
GAVE THEM A RIDE.
SPEAKING OF WHOM...
I HEAR HE'S GOT SOME
20-YEAR-OLD TWINKIE
IN THE CITY.
FINGER CRAMP.
OH, GOD.
SORRY.
LET ME GET THAT, MOM.
SO, RICHARD'S SHOPPING
IN THE JUNIOR SECTION.
MM-HMM.
ARE WE STILL ON THAT?
AND YOU JUST KNOW SHE'S GOT
THE I.Q. OF A NAPKIN.
AND SHE'S PROBABLY NOT
EVEN VERY PRETTY--
JUST YOUNG ENOUGH SO THAT
EVERYTHING IS STILL POINTING UP.
Joey:
CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS PLACE?
THIS IS
A GREAT APARTMENT.
I WAS IN THE BATHROOM.
THERE'S MIRRORS
ON BOTH SIDES OF YOU.
WHEN YOU'RE IN THERE
IT'S LIKE YOU'RE PEEING
WITH THE ROCKETTES.
WELL, THERE'S MY
FANTASY COME TRUE.
NO, SERIOUSLY.
HEY.
WE WERE JUST SAYING
GREAT APARTMENT, MAN.
THANKS. YOU WANT IT?
I'M MOVING
TO A BIGGER PLACE.
YOU SHOULD TAKE THIS ONE.
YEAH. CAN YOU SEE ME
IN A PLACE LIKE THIS?
WHY NOT? YOU HATE PARK VIEWS
AND HIGH CEILINGS?
I'LL SHOW YOU THE KITCHEN.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT, FELLAS.
I SAW A KITCHEN
THIS MORNING ON TV.
STOP TALKING. OKAY.
COME ON, TELL US.
IS SHE
REALLY 2O?
I AM NOT TELLING
YOU GUYS ANYTHING.
RICH, IT'S MY BIRTHDAY.
LET ME LIVE VICARIOUSLY.
DAD, YOU DON'T WANT
TO DO THAT.
WHAT'S A LITTLE MID-LIFE
CRISIS BETWEEN FRIENDS?
JACK, WOULD
YOU LET IT GO?
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
GOING THROUGH.
WHEN I TURNED 50,
I GOT THE PORSCHE.
YOU, YOU GOT YOUR
OWN LITTLE SPEEDSTER.
GUYS, SERIOUSLY,
IT IS NOT LIKE THAT.
TELL YOU WHAT.
MAYBE ONE OF THESE WEEKENDS
YOU CAN BORROW THE CAR,
AND I COULD...
DAD, I BEG YOU NOT
TO FINISH THAT SENTENCE.
WHAT? I'M KIDDING.
YOU KNOW I'D NEVER LET
HIM TOUCH THE PORSCHE.
OKAY, RACH
WHICH... WHICH LILY?
THIS LILY OR THAT LILY?
I LIKE THIS LILY.
IT'S MORE OPEN.
AND THAT'S LIKE MY MOM--
SHE HAD A MORE OPEN,
GIVING SPIRIT.
OOH, FOGHORN LEGHORN! OH...
HI.
BLOND GIRL,
YOU'RE IN ROOM TWO.
NOT-SO-BLOND GIRL,
YOU'RE WITH ME.
HERE WE GO.
UH-HUH.
YOU'RE NOT GOING?
IS THIS 'CAUSE
OF WHAT ROSS SAID?
NO.
WELL, YEAH, MAYBE.
I DON'T BELIEVE THIS.
IS THIS HOW THIS
RELATIONSHIP'S
GOING TO WORK?
ROSS EQUALS BOSS?
COME ON, WHAT
IS THIS-- 1922?
WHAT'S 1922?
JUST, YOU KNOW,
A LONG TIME AGO.
WHEN MEN TOLD WOMEN
WHAT TO DO A LOT.
THEN THERE WAS SUFFRAGE
WHICH WAS A GOOD THING,
BUT IT SOUNDS HORRIBLE.
DO YOU WANT TO GET
THIS TATTOO?
YES. IT'S JUST THAT ROSS...
HEY, HEY! IS YOUR BOYFRIEND
THE BOSS OF YOU?
NO.
WHO IS THE BOSS OF YOU?
YOU?
NO. YOU ARE THE BOSS OF YOU.
MARCH YOUR HINEY IN THERE
AND GET THAT HEART
TATTOOED ON YOUR HIP.
GO!
HOW YOU DOING?
I'M A TWINKIE.
REALLY? I'M A HERO.
OH...
THIS IS SO HARD.
YEAH, I KNOW.
I HATE IT TOO.
LOOK, MAYBE WE
SHOULD JUST TELL THEM.
MAYBE WE SHOULD JUST
TELL YOUR PARENTS FIRST.
MY PARENTS ARE DEAD.
GOD, YOU ARE SO LUCKY.
NO, NO.
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
JUST HANG IN THERE, OKAY?
OKAY, I'LL GO OUT FIRST,
ALL RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT.
JUDY. GOING
TO THE BATHROOM!
GOOD FOR YOU!
THANK YOU, RICHARD.
I APPRECIATE THE SUPPORT.
HONEY, HAVE YOU SEEN
MY HARMON
KILLEBREW BAT?
BOB DOESN'T BELIEVE
I HAVE ONE.
I HAVE NO IDEA.
DID YOU KNOW RICHARD HAS
A TWINKIE IN THE CITY?
HE'S LIKE A NEW MAN.
IT'S LIKE A SCENE
FROM COCOON.
I JUST NEVER WOULD HAVE
PICTURED RICHARD WITH A BIMBO.
HE TOLD JOHNNY SHAPIRO
THAT SHE'S QUITE A GIRL.
HE TOLD JOHNNY HE
THINKS HE'S FALLING
IN LOVE WITH HER.
I TELL YOU, I'VE NEVER
SEEN HIM THIS HAPPY.
SO, JACK, YOU EVER THINK
ABOUT TRADING ME IN
FOR A YOUNGER MODEL?
OF COURSE NOT.
WITH YOU, IT'S LIKE
I'VE GOT TWO 25-YEAR-OLDS.
OH, JACK, STOP.
COME ON.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY.
CAN WE DROP THIS?
I AM NOT INTERESTED
IN THE GUY'S APARTMENT.
OH, PLEASE.
I SAW THE WAY YOU WERE
CHECKING OUT HIS MOLDINGS.
YOU WANT IT.
WHY WOULD I WANT
ANOTHER APARTMENT?
I'VE ALREADY GOT
AN APARTMENT THAT I LOVE.
IT WOULDN'T KILL YOU TO SAY IT
ONCE IN A WHILE.
ALL RIGHT, YOU WANT THE TRUTH?
I'M THINKING ABOUT IT.
WHAT?
I'M SORRY. I'M 28 YEARS OLD.
I'VE NEVER LIVED ALONE
AND I'M FINALLY AT A PLACE
WHERE I'VE GOT ENOUGH MONEY
THAT I DON'T NEED
A ROOMMATE ANYMORE.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
I DON'T NEED
A ROOMMATE EITHER.
I CAN AFFORD TO LIVE
HERE BY MYSELF.
NOW, I MAY HAVE TO BRING IN
SOMEBODY ONCE A WEEK
TO LICK
THE SILVERWARE.
WHAT ARE YOU GETTING
SO BENT OUT OF SHAPE FOR?
IT'S NOT LIKE WE AGREED
TO LIVE TOGETHER FOREVER.
WE'RE NOT BERT AND ERNIE.
LOOK, YOU KNOW WHAT?
IF THIS IS
THE WAY YOU FEEL
THEN MAYBE YOU
SHOULD TAKE IT.
WELL, THAT'S HOW I FEEL.
THEN MAYBE
YOU SHOULD TAKE IT.
MAYBE I WILL.
FINE WITH ME.
GREAT.
THEN YOU'LL BE ABLE
TO SPEND MORE QUALITY TIME
WITH YOUR REAL FRIENDS--
THE SPOONS.
WHO'S DRINK
CAN I FRESHEN?
ALMOST TIME FOR CAKE.
MON.
MON, ARE YOU OKAY?
YOU REMEMBER THAT VIDEO
I FOUND OF MOM AND DAD?
YEAH?
WELL, I JUST CAUGHT
THE LIVE SHOW.
EWW.
HEY, THERE.
WHAT?
NOTHING.
I JUST...
HEARD SOMETHING
NICE ABOUT YOU.
OH, REALLY?
MM-HMM.
Judy:
RICHARD?
RICHARD...
YOUR SON ISN'T
SEEING ANYONE, IS HE?
UH, NOT THAT I KNOW OF.
WELL, I WAS THINKING
WHY DOESN'T HE GIVE MONICA
A CALL?
THAT...
THAT'S AN IDEA.
WELL, ACTUALLY,
I'M ALREADY SEEING SOMEONE.
OH?
OH...
( gasps )
SHE NEVER TELLS US ANYTHING.
ROSS?
MOM, THERE ARE SO MANY
PEOPLE IN MY LIFE.
SOME OF THEM
ARE SEEING PEOPLE
AND SOME OF THEM AREN'T.
IS THAT CRYSTAL?
SO, WHO'S THE
MYSTERY MAN?
WELL, HE'S A DOCTOR.
A REAL DOCTOR?
NO, A DOCTOR OF MEAT.
OF COURSE HE'S
A REAL DOCTOR.
AND HE'S HANDSOME...
AND HE'S SWEET,
AND I KNOW YOU'D LIKE HIM.
WELL, THAT'S WONDERFUL. I...
OY.
MOM, IT'S OKAY.
IT IS, JUDY.
JACK...
COULD YOU COME IN HERE
FOR A MOMENT?
NOW!
FOUND IT.
I'LL TAKE THAT, DAD.
IT SEEMS YOUR
DAUGHTER AND RICHARD
ARE SOMETHING OF AN ITEM.
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
HE'S GOT A TWINKIE
IN THE CITY.
DAD, I'M THE TWINKIE.
YOU'RE THE TWINKIE?
SHE'S NOT A TWINKIE.
ALL RIGHT,
LOOK, YOU GUYS
THIS IS THE BEST RELATIONSHIP
I'VE BEEN IN...
OH, PLEASE!
A RELATIONSHIP?
YES, A RELATIONSHIP.
FOR YOUR INFORMATION,
I AM CRAZY ABOUT THIS MAN.
REALLY?
YES.
WOW.
AM I SUPPOSED TO STAND HERE
AND LISTEN TO THIS
ON MY BIRTHDAY?
DAD, THIS IS
A GOOD THING FOR ME.
AND YOU EVEN SAID YOURSELF
YOU'D NEVER SEEN
RICHARD HAPPIER.
WHEN DID I SAY THAT?
UPSTAIRS IN THE BATHROOM
RIGHT BEFORE
YOU FELT UP MOM.
♪ HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU ♪
♪ HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DEAR JACK ♪
♪ HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU. ♪
( Phoebe gasps )
OH, IT LOOKS SO GOOD.
OH, I LOVE IT.
I KNOW. SO DO I.
I'M SO GLAD YOU
MADE ME DO THIS.
OKAY, LET ME
SEE YOURS.
UH...
OKAY, LET'S SEE YOURS AGAIN.
WE JUST SAW MINE.
LET ME SEE YOURS.
OH, OKAY.
OH, NO!
OH, IT'S GONE.
THAT'S SO WEIRD.
I DON'T KNOW HOW...
WHERE IT WENT.
YOU DIDN'T GET IT?
NO.
WHY DIDN'T YOU GET IT?
I'M SORRY, I'M SORRY.
PHOEBE, HOW COULD
YOU DO THIS TO ME?!
THIS WAS ALL YOUR IDEA.
I KNOW, I KNOW.
I WAS GOING TO GET IT
BUT THEN HE CAME IN
WITH THIS NEEDLE.
DID YOU KNOW
THEY DO THIS WITH NEEDLES?
REALLY? YOU DON'T SAY?
BECAUSE MINE WAS
LICKED ON BY KITTENS!
HEY.
HEY, LISTEN, I'M
SORRY ABOUT WHAT...
YEAH, ME TOO.
I KNOW.
YEAH.
SAY, DO WE NEED TO HUG HERE?
NO. WE'RE ALL RIGHT.
YEAH.
SO I GOT YOU SOMETHING.
PLASTIC SPOONS.
GREAT.
LICK AWAY, MY MAN.
THESE WILL GO GREAT
IN MY NEW PLACE.
YOU KNOW, TILL I GET REAL ONES.
WHAT?
WELL, I CAN'T USE THESE FOREVER.
LET'S FACE IT-- THEY'RE
NO FRIEND OF THE ENVIRONMENT.
NO, NO, I MEAN WHAT...
WHAT'S THIS ABOUT
YOUR NEW PLACE?
I'M MOVING OUT
LIKE WE TALKED ABOUT.
WELL, I DIDN'T THINK
THAT WAS SERIOUS.
YOU KNOW, I THOUGHT
THAT WAS JUST A FIGHT.
WELL, IT WAS A FIGHT.
BASED ON SERIOUS STUFF,
REMEMBER?
ABOUT HOW I
NEVER LIVED ALONE?
I THINK IT WOULD
BE GOOD FOR ME--
YOU KNOW, HELP ME
TO GROW AND... WHATEVER.
WELL, THERE YOU GO.
HEY, ARE YOU COOL WITH THIS?
I MEAN, I DON'T WANT
TO LEAVE YOU HIGH AND DRY.
HEY, NO. I'VE NEVER
BEEN LOWER OR WETTER.
I'LL BE FINE.
I'LL JUST TURN YOUR BEDROOM
INTO A GAME ROOM
OR SOMETHING.
PUT THE FOOSBALL
TABLE IN THERE.
WHOA. WHY DO YOU GET TO KEEP
THE TABLE?
I DID PAY FOR HALF OF IT.
YEAH, AND, UH...
I PAID FOR THE OTHER HALF.
ALL RIGHT,
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT.
I'LL PLAY YOU FOR IT.
ALL RIGHT, YOU'RE ON.
I COULD TAKE TWO MINUTES
OUT OF MY DAY TO KICK YOUR ASS.
YOUR LITTLE MEN
ARE GOING TO GET
SCORED ON MORE TIMES
THAN YOUR SISTER.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WHICH SISTER?
SO ARE YOU SORRY
THAT I TOLD THEM?
NO. IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME
SINCE YOUR DAD AND I
WENT RUNNING.
OH.
OH. DID YOU GET
IT? LET ME SEE?
IS ROSS HERE?
NO. HE WENT OUT
TO GET PIZZA.
OKAY, REALLY QUICK, OKAY?
OH...
THAT'S GREAT.
VERY TASTEFUL.
WANT TO SEE MINE?
YES!
WHAT? YOU DIDN'T GET ONE.
OKAY, WELL, THEN WHAT IS THIS?
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING AT?
THAT BLUE FRECKLE?
OKAY, THAT'S MY TATTOO.
THAT IS NOT A TATTOO.
THAT IS A NOTHING.
I FINALLY GOT HER
BACK IN THE CHAIR
HE BARELY TOUCHED HER
WITH THE NEEDLE
SHE JUMPED UP SCREAMING
AND THAT WAS IT.
OKAY, HI.
FOR YOUR INFORMATION
THIS IS EXACTLY
WHAT I WANTED.
THIS IS A TATTOO
OF THE EARTH AS SEEN
FROM A GREAT, GREAT DISTANCE.
IT'S THE WAY MY MOTHER
SEES ME FROM HEAVEN.
OH...
OH, WHAT A LOAD OF CRAP.
THAT IS A DOT.
YOUR MOTHER
IS UP IN HEAVEN GOING
"WHERE THE HELL IS MY LILY,
YOU WUSS?!"
OKAY?
PHOEBE, THAT IS NOT A TATTOO.
THIS IS A TATTOO!
YOU GOT A TATTOO?
MAYBE.
BUT JUST A LITTLE ONE.
PHOEBE GOT THE WHOLE WORLD.
WELL, LET ME SEE.
WELL?
WELL, IT'S REALLY...
SEXY.
I WOULDN'T HAVE THOUGHT
IT WOULD BE, BUT...
WOW.
REALLY?
YEAH. SO, UH...
IS IT SORE,
OR CAN YOU DO STUFF?
I GUESS.
HEY, SAVE US SOME PIZZA.
( giggling )
GET IT OUT
OF THE CORNER!
CENTER IT.
PASS IT.
PASS IT!
STOP TALKING TO YOUR MEN.
YES!
AND THE TABLE IS MINE.
CONGRATULATIONS.
HEY, YOU'RE STILL GOING
TO COME VISIT ME, RIGHT?
OH, YEAH, YOU
GOT THE BIG TV.
WE'LL BE OVER THERE
ALL THE TIME.
EXCEPT WHEN WE ARE HERE.
I KNOW YOU'RE
JUST MOVING UPTOWN
BUT I'M REALLY
GOING TO MISS YOU.
HOW CAN YOU NOT BE ACROSS
THE HALL ANYMORE?
YEAH. WHO'S GOING
TO EAT ALL OUR FOOD
AND TIE UP OUR PHONE LINES,
AND...
IS THAT MY BRA?
WHAT THE HELL YOU
DOING WITH MY BRA?
OH, NO, IT'S
NOT WHAT YOU THINK.
WE USED IT TO FLING
WATER BALLOONS OFF THE ROOF.
REMEMBER THAT?
THOSE JUNIOR HIGH KIDS
COULDN'T EVEN GET THEIRS
ACROSS THE STREET.
YEAH, I REMEMBER.
HEY, LET'S BRING THE REST
OF THESE DOWN TO THE TRUCK.
THANKS.
SO, UH... YOU WANT ME
TO GIVE YOU
A HAND WITH THE
FOOSBALL TABLE?
NAH.
YOU KEEP IT.
YOU NEED THE PRACTICE.
THANKS.
SO...
I GUESS THIS IS IT.
YEAH. RIGHT. YEAH.
I GUESS SO.
LISTEN, UH...
I DON'T KNOW WHEN I'M
GOING TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
I'M GUESSING TONIGHT
AT THE COFFEE HOUSE.
RIGHT. YEAH.
OKAY.
UH... TAKE CARE.
YEAH.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]